[All Hosts] (browsers) clarify tables and perpetual license support (#3564)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md

>
> - Office on the web no longer opens in Internet Explorer. Consequently, [AppSource](/office/dev/store/submit-to-appsource-via-partner-center) no longer tests add-ins in Office on the web using Internet Explorer as the browser.
> - AppSource still tests for combinations of platform and Office *desktop* versions that use Internet Explorer, however it only issues a warning when the add-in does not support Internet Explorer; the add-in is not rejected by AppSource.
> - The [Script Lab tool](../overview/explore-with-script-lab.md) no longer supports Internet Explorer.
>
> For more information about supporting Internet Explorer and configuring a graceful failure message on your add-in, see [Support Internet Explorer 11](../develop/support-ie-11.md).

The following sections specify which browser is used for the various platforms and operating systems.

> ## Non-Windows Platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Non-Windows platforms
```

For these platforms, the platform alone determines the browser that is used.

|OS|Office version|Browser|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|any|Office on the web|The browser in which Office is opened.<br>(But note that Office on the web will not open in Internet Explorer.<br>Attempting to do so opens Office on the web in Edge.) |
|Mac|any|Safari with WKWebView|
|iOS|any|Safari with WKWebView|
|Android|any|Chrome|

> ## Perpetual Office on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Perpetual versions of Office on Windows
```
Just want to avoid any branding confusing. "Perpetual Office" isn't a product; it's Office 2019 Perpetual, for example. Adding "versions of" for clarity on this.

> For perpetual Office on Windows, the browser that is used is determined by the operating system, the Office version, whether the license is consumer or commercial, and whether the Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based) is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For perpetual versions of Office on Windows, the browser that is used is determined by the operating system, the Office version, whether the license is consumer or commercial, and whether the Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based) is installed.
```

|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Windows 7, 8.1, 10, 11 | Office 2013 | Doesn't matter |Doesn't matter|Internet Explorer 11|
|Windows 7, 8.1, 10, 11 | Office 2016| Commercial</br>(Build number form is `16.0.xxxx.xxxxx`,</br> ending with two blocks of 4 digits, </br> e.g., 16.0.5197.1000.) |Doesn't matter|Internet Explorer 11|
|Windows 7, 8.1, 10, 11 | Office 2019| Commercial</br>(Build number form is `1808 (xxxxx.xxxxxx)`,</br> ending with two blocks of 5 digits, </br> e.g., 1808 (Build 10388.20027).)   |Doesn't matter|Internet Explorer 11|
|Windows 7, 8.1, 10, 11 | Office 2016 to Office 2019| Consumer (Build number form is `YYMM (xxxxx.xxxxxx)`,</br> ending with two blocks of 5 digits, </br> e.g., 2206 (Build 15330.20264).)  |No |Microsoft Edge<sup>1, 2</sup> with original WebView (EdgeHTML)|
|Windows 7, 8.1, 10, 11 | Office 2016 to Office 2019|  Consumer (Build number form is same as preceding row.)  |Yes<sup>3</sup>|Microsoft Edge<sup>1</sup> with WebView2 (Chromium-based)|
|Windows 10, 11 | Office 2021| Doesn't matter |Yes<sup>3</sup> |Microsoft Edge<sup>1</sup> with WebView2 (Chromium-based)|

> <sup>1</sup> When Microsoft Edge is being used, the Windows Narrator (sometimes called a "screen reader") reads the `<title>` tag in the page that opens in the task pane. When Internet Explorer 11 is being used, the Narrator reads the title bar of the task pane, which comes from the **\<DisplayName\>** value in the add-in's manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> When you use Microsoft Edge, the Windows Narrator (sometimes called a "screen reader") reads the `<title>` tag in the page that opens in the task pane. In Internet Explorer 11, the Narrator reads the title bar of the task pane, which comes from the **\<DisplayName\>** value in the add-in's manifest.
```

Reviewer: Is this the behavior the same for JAWS or NVDA? It's estimated that less than 20% of screen reader users use Narrator. JAWS and NVDA combined are about 80%.

Author: I'll research that, but it is out-of-scope for this PR.

<sup>2</sup> If your add-in includes the **\<Runtimes\>** element in the manifest, then it will not use Microsoft Edge with the original WebView (EdgeHTML). If the conditions for using Microsoft Edge with WebView2 (Chromium-based) are met, then the add-in uses that browser. Otherwise, it uses Internet Explorer 11. For more information, see [Runtimes](/javascript/api/manifest/runtimes).

> <sup>3</sup> On Windows versions prior to Windows 11, the WebView2 control must be installed so that Office can embed it. It's installed with Microsoft 365, version 2101 or later, and with one-time purchase Office 2021 or later; but it isn't automatically installed with Microsoft Edge. If you have an earlier version of Microsoft 365 or one-time purchase Office, use the instructions for installing the control at [Microsoft Edge WebView2 / Embed web content ... with Microsoft Edge WebView2](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/). On Microsoft 365 builds before 16.0.14326.xxxxx, you must also create the registry key **HKEY_CURRENT_USER\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\16.0\WEF\Win32WebView2** and set its value to `dword:00000001`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>3</sup> On Windows versions prior to Windows 11, the WebView2 control must be installed so that Office can embed it. It's installed with Microsoft 365, version 2101 or later, and with one-time purchase Office 2021 or later; but it isn't automatically installed with Microsoft Edge. If you have an earlier version of Microsoft 365 or a perpetual version of Office, use the instructions for installing the control at [Microsoft Edge WebView2 / Embed web content ... with Microsoft Edge WebView2](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/). On Microsoft 365 builds before 16.0.14326.xxxxx, you must also create the registry key **HKEY_CURRENT_USER\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\16.0\WEF\Win32WebView2** and set its value to `dword:00000001`.
```

## Working with Internet Explorer

Internet Explorer 11 does not support JavaScript versions later than ES5. If any of your add-in's users have platforms that use Internet Explorer 11, then to use the syntax and features of ECMAScript 2015 or later, you have two options.

- Write your code in ECMAScript 2015 (also called ES6) or later JavaScript, or in TypeScript, and then compile your code to ES5 JavaScript using a compiler such as [babel](https://babeljs.io/) or [tsc](https://www.typescriptlang.org/index.html).
- Write in ECMAScript 2015 or later JavaScript, but also load a [polyfill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyfill_(programming)) library such as [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js) that enables IE to run your code.

For more information about these options, see [Support Internet Explorer 11](../develop/support-ie-11.md).

Also, Internet Explorer 11 does not support some HTML5 features such as media, recording, and location. To learn more, see [Determine at runtime if the add-in is running in Internet Explorer](../develop/support-ie-11.md#determine-at-runtime-if-the-add-in-is-running-in-internet-explorer).

> ## Troubleshooting Microsoft Edge issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshoot Microsoft Edge issues
```
